Update readme for release of v0.1.5 (#1566)
redhat-developer/vscode-openshift-tools: README.md

For detail analysis of how to setup and run local OpenShift Cluster using minishift, please follow this [wiki](https://github.com/redhat-developer/vscode-openshift-tools/wiki/Starting-Local-OpenShift-Instance).

> If developers can't run local OpenShift cluster the extension can work with remote one from various Red Hat products:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If developers can't run OpenShift cluster locally, the extension can work with remote cluster supported by Red Hat® OpenShift®. This lets you manage hybrid cloud and multicloud container deployments with the following:
```

## New and Noteworthy

> * Latest OpenShift Do CLI tool v1.2.1 included 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Supports OpenShift Do CLI tool [v1.2.1]((https://github.com/openshift/odo/releases/tag/v1.2.1) )
```

Reviewer: @dgolovin The reason to not have `latest` word is because the odo version will not be latest always to 1.2.1 till the time this version of extension is used. So supports is a better keyword to demonstrate here.

<div><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/redhat-developer/vscode-openshift-tools/master/images/context/url-node.png" width="15" height="15" /><span style="margin: 20px">URL Resource</span></div>
<div><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/redhat-developer/vscode-openshift-tools/master/images/context/url-node-open.png" width="15" height="15" /><span style="margin: 20px">Open URL</span></div>

## Extension Configuration Settings
   * `OpenShift Connector: Show Channel On Output` - Show OpenShift Connector output channel when new text added to output stream
   * `OpenShift Connector: Output verbosity level` - Output verbosity level (value between 0 and 9) for OpenShift Create, Push and Watch commands in output channel and terminal view
   * `OpenShift Connector: Search CLI tools in PATH locations before using included binaries` - Force extension to search for `oc` and `odo` CLI tools in PATH locations before using bundled binaries

>    * `OpenShift Connector: Use Webview based editors to show 'Show Log', 'Follow Log' and 'Describe' commands output` - Use Webview based editors instead of Terminal view to show or follow logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * `OpenShift Connector: Use Webview based editors to show 'Show Log', 'Follow Log' and 'Describe' commands output` - Showcase output of show logs, follow logs and describe command inside editor instead of terminal
```
